1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
   -The governments open data source  

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
  -402,378 datasets found

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
   available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?
  -Because the food you eat plays a big part in your health

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
   -Click Datasets at the top of the page next to home 

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.
6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
   -City of Chicago, Cook County of IL, State of IL, and Lake County IL

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results?
  -There were only 17 results for food composition but there are 229 results for nutrition so you can gather more data from searching nutrition than just searching food comp

a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.

8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.

a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result?
   -When I searched popcorn a table popped up with a data number the food category and description. Once you click one it shows you another table with nutrition information and the last time it was updated.

b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? 
    -The files are small and it shows a few lines of supporting data 
